Update admonition to show differences across plans (#93202)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/configure-custom-branding/index.md

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud](/docs/grafana-cloud). For Cloud Advanced and Enterprise customers, please provide custom elements and logos to our Support team. We will help you host your images and update your custom branding.

> This feature is not available for Grafana Free and Pro tiers. For more information on feature availability across plans, see our [feature comparison page](/docs/grafana-cloud/cost-management-and-billing/understand-grafana-cloud-features)

Reviewer: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#links-and-references

```suggestion
This feature is not available for Grafana Free and Pro tiers.
For more information on feature availability across plans, refer to our [feature comparison page](/docs/grafana-cloud/cost-management-and-billing/understand-grafana-cloud-features/)
```
